feat: add styleOptions.stylesRoot prop (#137)
compulim/react-scroll-to-bottom: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Changed

> - Added `styleOptions.stylesRoot` property which allows to specify a container node component styles are placed into, by [@OEvgeny](https://github.com/OEvgeny) in PR [#137](https://github.com/compulim/react-scroll-to-bottom/pull/137)

Author: ```suggestion
- Added `styleOptions.stylesRoot` property which allows to specify a container node component styles will be placed into, by [@OEvgeny](https://github.com/OEvgeny) in PR [#137](https://github.com/compulim/react-scroll-to-bottom/pull/137)
```
